---
layout: post
title: "6 apps I use daily"
---

h3. Safari

I've been a Google "Chrome":http://google.com/chrome user since the very first version but when "Safari":http://apple.com/safari 5 was released I went back to Apple. I love native Mac OS X apps and Safari is definitely one of them. Safari 5.1 even has a nifty 'read it later' kind of feature that I use frequently. The memory usage of the Safari Renderer process sometimes catches fire and makes my browser a bit slow, but I'm sure Apple will fix that in Mac OS 10.7.1.

h3. iTunes

Another native Mac OS X app. When I bought my first iPod I immediately gave control to iTunes to arrange my music in folders. I don't ever have to worry about that anymore. "iTunes":http://apple.com/itunes is fast and has a nice UI that fits perfectly with the rest of the OS. It holds all of my music and podcasts and it can also sync my iPhone over wifi.

h3. TextMate

If there's text involved, "TextMate":http://macromates.com/ probably has a bundle for it to show pretty colors and help you type code faster. TextMate has an amazing ecosystem of plugins and bundles that still make it the best code editor out there. I even use it for writing blog posts in textile. I would love to see TextMate 2 being released but does it matter? To me, nothing can beat TextMate right now.

h3. iTerm

I've always been a fan of the standard Terminal app that comes with Mac OS (have I said I like native apps?). When Lion was released I gave my MacBook Pro a clean install and decided to give "iTerm":http://www.iterm2.com/ a try. I was blown away by the configurability and I don't think I can go back to Terminal.app.

h3. Adium

"Adium":http://adium.im/ is an instant messaging, IRC and Twitter client all in one. It runs on the excellent open source Libpurple library which allows it to support a vast range of networks to connect to. There's also a lot of "plugins":http://www.adiumxtras.com/, themes and icons available to customize your experience.

h3. GitHub for Mac

I'm fairly new to Git(Hub) and, coming from Subversion, a few things seem a little abstract at first. "GitHub for Mac":http://mac.github.com/ is a native client to "GitHub":http://github.com/ which allows you to easily create repositories, commit, pull and diff files. GitHub for Mac features some of the best User Interface designs I've ever seen and makes "Git":http://mac.github.com/ available to the masses.