---
layout: post
title: "Running a business with Moneybird, Dropbox and Google Apps"
---

You can have your small business in the cloud for less than 20 euro's a month using cloud services like "Moneybird":http://www.moneybird.nl/?referrer=n6wsbq7k, "Dropbox":http://db.tt/LHb7Xeeu and "Google Apps":https://www.google.com/a/cpanel/standard/new3. Here's what we are using at my startup "Teazily":http://www.teazily.nl/.

h3. Moneybird

"Moneybird":http://www.moneybird.nl/?referrer=n6wsbq7k is a Dutch company that enables you to do all of your invoicing in the cloud. You can setup recurring invoices, store contact information, look at your cash flow and much more for "just 10 euro's a month":http://www.moneybird.nl/?referrer=n6wsbq7k. For "Teazily":http://www.teazily.nl/ I wrote "a bit of code":https://github.com/mijndert/moneybird-examples that enables customers to fill in a form to order their Teazily subscription. After completing the form, Moneybird will automatically send the new customer an invoice in PDF format and a link to "directly pay with iDeal". Their contact information also gets stored in the Moneybird control panel for recurring invoicing.

h3. Dropbox

Teazily uses "Dropbox":http://db.tt/LHb7Xeeu to store company information, invoices, code, images and much more. We can then access all of our files in any web browser and on our iPhones and iPads using the "Dropbox iOS app":https://www.dropbox.com/anywhere. Their free plan gives you 2GB of storage which is more than enough for quite some time. For a small fee you can "upgrade":https://www.dropbox.com/plans your Dropbox account to a capacity of 50GB which should be enough for any small business.

h3. Google Apps.

"Google Apps for your domain":https://www.google.com/a/cpanel/standard/new3 is a free Google services which gives you the ability to do e-mail, documents, calendering and much more on your own domain. We're using this service for all of our customer support and to contact our suppliers. We have also setup "Moneybird":http://www.moneybird.nl/?referrer=n6wsbq7k to send out invoices with our own domain.